Welcome back students.
So it's not for us to start reading information some of you already probably went ahead and started
doing it without me.
That's OK because that's where I want you to do.
I want you to go out there and try to do it yourself.
So let's create another role here and let's start reading some information.
OK.
Let's read some data and let's let's find staff something we have been doing or fail excuse to fail
this time.
All right.
Now we've got to find the relationship so we need an object to that this year somewhere.
So let's do a for each
day and show you how these two Portlands their
staff.
We have photos for staff as well.
We're going to do it as photo and we and we just have one I believe.
So we're just going to return photo path.
All right cool.
I get your browser
right in my browser after trying it looking for all my monitors read.
There we go.
Beautiful.
All right.
Remember that you can also read with where statements that you can put or where method and find the
right one that you want to pull out and read and you can do all the things with you.
OK.
Remember that we have done that before.
So anyway thank you so much for watching.
I'll see you in the next crowd lecture.